.\"Copyright (c) 2017-2019 gnome-mpv
.\"
.\"This file is part of Celluloid.
.\"
.\"Celluloid is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\"it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\"the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\"(at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\"Celluloid is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\"but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\"MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\"GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"along with Celluloid.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH celluloid 1 "19 July 2017"
.SH NAME
celluloid \- A simple GTK+ frontend for mpv
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B celluloid
[\fIoptions...\fR]
[\fIfilenames\fR|\fIURIs\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBCelluloid\fR is a simple GTK+ frontend for \fBmpv\fR.  \fBCelluloid\fR
interacts with \fBmpv\fR via the client API exported by libmpv, allowing access
to \fBmpv\fR's powerful playback capabilities.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-?, \-h, \-\-help\fR
Show help options.
.TP
\fB\--new-window\fR
Create a new window if there is already a running instance. The option has no
effect otherwise.
.TP
\fB\--enqueue\fR
Append the given files or URIs to the playlist if there is a running instance.
The option has no effect otherwise.
.TP
\fB\--mpv-options=OPTIONS\fR
Deprecated. Pass arbitrary options to mpv.
.TP
\fB\--mpv-MPVOPTION=VALUE\fR
Set mpv option \fBMPVOPTION\fR to \fBVALUE\fR. For example, \fB--mpv-vf=vflip\fR
will set the mpv option \fBvf\fR to \fBvflip\fR. This is equivalent to passing
\fB--vf=vflip\fR to mpv.
.TP
\fB\--version\fR
Print the release version and exit.
.SH BUGS
Please report bugs at https://github.com/celluloid-player/celluloid/issues.
